[Windshield Wipers Wiping]
[ Brakes Squeak]
[ Door Opens ]
[ Rad/'0 Chatter, /nd/sf/'ncf]
,U [ Woman /nd/'sf/'nct]
[ Sobbing ]
,U‘ [ Continues]
[ Stamps Foot]
[ Sobbing ]
,U‘ [ Continues]
[Sobbing Continues]
[ Stan ]
Friday. it was— it was...
Friday before Rosie left for school.
She was in the garage
getting her [Me and—
Did she seem different in any way?
Dio’ she say anything
to you, Mr. Larsen,
before she left?
/ was on the phone
taking an order She—
She just waved
And that was the last time you
saw your daughter?
Anyone you can think of
that might have done this ?
ll/lrs. Larsen?
Her fingernails.
What- What was that?
[ Snii‘f/es ]
Her fingernails.
They were broken.
Why?
[ Linden ]
Was your daughter in I/o/I/ed in pol/t/bs ?
[Stan ]
No, no. She ’s—She’s quiet
She d. .. stay at home most weekends.
Hangs out with her brothers and...
sometimes her friend Sterling.
What about this boyfriend, Jasper?
Lasted only a few weeks. Rosie broke it off.
I think in the summer.
He ever hurt your daughter,
Mr. Larsen?
I should have got off the phone.
I should have said good-bye.
[ Oakes ]
Well, these were found on the body.
Keys, jewelry.
Coroner’s got no cause of death yet.
You having a talk with the campaign?
Yeah, I’m about to call them.
No, you do it.
Political nature of this case,
deputy com’s gonna be watching.
So you have to dot your i’s on this one.
I handed in my paperwork.
I don’t work here anymore.
Papen/vork’s sitting on my desk
till I sign off.
- You found her, Sarah.
- And I have a wedding to plan.
Yeah, it’s in what? Three weeks.
Give me 24 hours, then you can go.
[Cell Phone Rings]
[ Holder] Sir, you know
I used to work point...
on Undercover busts
down at County, right?
Rick, hold on a second.
Oh, and, uh, car keys
were found in the ignition.
Could be somebody inside
the campaign. Keep me posted.
Did you get my message?
Yeah. Uh, where’s Jack?
With Regi on the boat. He’s fine.
Okay, good.
Oakes is making me stay.
You’re kidding me.
Just ﬁll tomorrow
Rick, I’m so sorry.
This is crazy.
Okay
Well, cancel the wedding. It’s over.
[ Chuckles ]
Might as well tell you.
/’m in love with another woman.
Strawberry b/onde. Hot.
She has the softest,
smoothest, “rubberiest” skin.
And the best thing about her?
She ’3 here.
Oh, and she ’s naked.
Candy Cane’s a lucky girl.
Yeah.
Hey, get home to me soon.
lwill. I love you. Bye.
I appreciate you keeping
this just to family for now.
The first 48 hours
are the most important.
When can we bring
Rosie home?
Um, soon.
We’ll have a unit
over at your house later
to go through your daughter’s room.
Why’d you want to know
if she was into politics?
We’re looking
at every angle.
You should get home.
Get some rest.
I’m sorry for your loss,
Mrs. Larsen, Mr. Larsen.
Will you find who did this?
We’ll do our best.
Yeah.
[Siren Wailing In Distance]
We took in close to 24K tonight.
The blue hairs of Seattle
were sufficiently charmed.
You must be exhausted.
Nope.
Well, good, because
I have a nice pinot waiting for us.
[Cell Phone Rings]
Hello. Yes, this is she.
I don’t— I don’t understand.
Yes. We’ll meet you at the office.
That was the police.
That missing girl
from the high school—
They found her body, Darren,
in one of our campaign cars.
We’ll need to know who had
access to your vehicles.
Absolutely. This is terrible.
I don’t understand how our campaign
can have anything to do with this.
Where were you
this weekend?
[ Richmond ]
Uh, Tacoma, Friday night,
then back here in the city,
attending several campaign events.
I can get you a list.
We were both with the councilman
around the clock.
Was Rosie Larsen connected
to the campaign in any way?
No. I’ve checked everything,
including our volunteer lists.
So Friday, you were campaigning
out of town, Councilman?
Uh, l was taking a much-needed break.
I can provide the number of the inn.
The owner will confirm l was there.
And the owner was with you
around the clock too, huh?
Why don’t you start looking
through those personnel records?
I’m sure it’s a long list.
I put our staff files
on a flash drive.
I’ll have to send the records
from the campaign office.
Is there anyone else who can
vouch for you Friday night?
I can.
I was with the councilman.
We’ll need a statement
from both of you.
- Not until we issue a press release.
- I’d rather not go public now.
It’s not up to you.
We’re in the middle of a campaign.
Whoever did this hid her well.
Our only advantage is he
doesn’t know we found her.
How much time do you need?
Till midnight at least.
I’ll be in touch.
Councilman.
[ Door Closes ]
Oh, screw that. There is
no way we are sitting on this.
Darren, you’re not seriously
considering it, are you?
What do you recommend I do?
Call a press conference immediately
and express outrage
at this tragedy.
You gotta go on the attack.
Adams has had his head
so far up Columbia Domain
Fund’s ass...
that crime has skyrocketed 12%.
In fact, if it wasn’t for him,
dead girl would probably
be alive today.
How do you do that
with a straight face?
We’re a month away
from the election.
This thing will sink us.
Not if we
play it right.
Court the girl’s family.
Speak at her memorial.
And say what exactly?
That you know
what they’re going through
because you’ve been there yourself.
No.
We send out
a press release by noon.
Your private investigator, Penato?
Have him start vetting our people,
and find out what the hell happened
with that car.
[Sighs]
Darren, he’s right you know.
Try to look at this
as an opportunity to tell
the voters once and for all about Lily.
I am not using my wife.
What are we going to do
about Yitanes?
She’ll withdraw her endorsement
tonight if we blindside her with
this, and you need the unions.
[Thunder Rumbles In Distance]
Set up a meeting for noon.
I’ll tell her then.
A reporter from the Record
called yesterday.
He was tipped off about Yitanes.
Someone sent an e-mail from the office.
Who?
He wouldn’t say.
I want you to check everyone’s
accounts here at the campaign. Be discreet.
Yeah, I’ll get Nathan
on that right away.
How old was she? The girl?
Uh, I don’t know.
We’re gonna take the later flight, Jack.
You can start school tomorrow.
No, I’ll pick you up in a few hours.
Yeah, you can go on the water
with Regi in the morning,
but don’t forget to wear your life vest.
Uh, l-l really—
I really appreciate the help.
You’re welcome.
Thanks a lot.
The campaign car was reported
stolen Saturday morning
by a couple of campaign workers.
This is the police report.
Who drove it last?
Some female volunteer last Wednesday.
It’s been on the lot till it gotjacked.
What were the keys
doing in the ignition?
These dumb asses keep them there.
Says it makes it easier for their people
to drive them off. [ Chuckles ]
So where to next, boss?
Are you still mad about that,
what I said to the Larsens?
I mean, I can handle ’em.
You know, the guy probably
punched Rosie in the face
before he grabbed her.
That’s what they do to kids.
That’s why the head wounds.
You want to tell that
to the parents, go ahead.
[Water Running]
[ Water Stops ]
You want me
to get you something to eat?
No.
[ Sobbing ]
Jesus, how could this happen?
How could she be missing all weekend?
| just don’t get it.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Stan ]
Hey.
I didn’t tell the boys nothin’.
But Tommy’s so scared, you know?
Asking questions.
| just don’t know what to say to him, Stan.
[ Sniffles ]
I could pick ’em up from school.
They should be here with you, right?
You want me to go get ’em?
We’ll do it.
We gotta keep things normal for them.
[ Sniffles ]
Yeah.
You didn’t sleep, babe.
You should get some sleep.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Exhales ]
[Sighs]
Yeah.
[ Sniffles ]
J‘J‘ [Wind Chime]
$3 [Continues]
[ Belko ] What are you doing?
That’s supposed to be on the truck already.
Oh, come on. Come on, guys.
You’re killing me here.
Jonesy. Jonesy, you gotta be
in Greenwood for that pick-up.
I told you like
two hours ago, man.
I know. I’m on it.
Stan. You hear anything
about Rosie?
[ Man #1 ] Let’s fold
this up and get out of here.
[ Man #2 ] Yeah, we’re goin’.
Hey, we ain’t paying you to stand around.
Get outta here already.
You too. Both of you.
Got it.
I heard you.
Cops called.
They said me and the guys
gotta go to the station?
What’s goin’ on?
Stan?
[Seagull Squawking]
[Chattering ]
Hey, what’s your problem,
Sterling, huh?
Telling Rosie’s dad she was
at my house? What the hell?
Then where is she? Get off—
Yeah, like I’d know.
I’m not sticking it to her anymore.
[Bennet]
Jaspeﬂ
What?
The police are here.
Rosie’s missing.
They want to talk to you.
You too, Sterling. Come on.
I drove Rosie to the dance,
and we, like, hung out.
But then I couldn’t find her, so I left.
I thought— I mean,
she was gone all weekend,
so I thought maybe
she went to Jasper’s.
She would do that, you know.
Go to his house.
She didn’t go there.
I don’t know
where she went. I’m sorry.
So Jasper,
he wasn’t at the dance?
I already told you he wasn’t.
I’m not lying.
I didn’t say you were lying.
We have a video of the dance.
It’s a yearbook thing.
I can get that for you if that’ll help.
Hey, it’s not your fault,
Rosie disappearing.
I know.
Picked up some old lady
Friday night.
Some bar in Tukwila.
I think Lee Ann, Anna Lee, that—
[ Chuckles ]
What, do you want to call her?
Hey, you can’t do that.
What’s the name of the bar?
[Sighs]
The Blue Moon.
And what time
did you meet this woman?
Uh, 8:00, 9:00, 10:00. I don’t know.
Look, she was on her
fourth Miller High Life.
Told her I had a six-pack at home.
You know how to charm ’em.
Well, it doesn’t take much.
Ones your age.
How long did you
and Rosie go out?
[ Chuckles ]
We didn’t. Look, we hooked up
for like two seconds.
And then she got bored with you?
- What the hell’s going on here?
- Mr. Ames. Your secretary said
you weren’t available.
This is over. Now.
Your son’s not under arrest.
l was just talking to him.
You want to talk to him?
You contact my attorney.
Uh, my phone.
She insisted
on speaking with Jasper.
I want to be alone with my son.
Dad, I can explain—
What did you do this time?
[Siren Wailing In Distance]
[Boy] Come on.
We ’re rolling. Look scary.
,/‘,/‘ [ Dance ]
Come on, Rosie.
[Holder] So nobody l.D.’d
the campaign car at the school.
- Doesn’t mean it wasn’t there.
- I don’t know.
I’m feeling the boyfriend for the perp.
What’s Jasper doing
driving Richmond’s car?
That kid’s a douche.
[Jack Chuckles ]
Sorry, little man.
I don’t care.
Well, I do. Got anything
in the school locker?
Yeah. Books, notebooks,
algebra books.
- I hate algebra.
- Me too.
Yeah? So, like, check this.
A biker goes blah-blah distance
at eight miles per hour...
and then the same fool,
he bikes back at 10 miles per hour.
So what’s the average round-trip rate?
I don’t know.
And I don’t give a shit.
Holder.
Cell calls to home,
parents’ phones, Sterling.
Not much of a social life.
Till that boyfriend.
What was she doing with him?
Good girl with no secrets.
She lied to her mom about her costume.
And her Fabrizio Bianchis.
There’s no way she could afford these.
You’re lookin’ at two G’s easy.
How do you
even know that?
How do you not?
- Mom shops at Ross, that’s why.
- Ohh!
Maybe you should go get
some chips or something.
Jasper could have bought these.
Tryin’ to win her back.
No candy bars.
Something healthy like corn chips.
Yeah, Funyuns, son. Get your fiber.
I mean, that could work out.
Like raising your kid
on vending machines.
- Ha, ha, ha.
- [Chuckles]
Don’t feel bad, Linden.
I mean, you-you really ain’t that bad.
So little man and your boyfriend,
they get along?
My fiance. Yep, they do.
That’s good
’cause my mom’s boyfriends?
Whoo! They had it out for me.
They were like lions.
Like kill the cub to get
the female back in heat.
It was like— [ Chuckles]
Jasper Ames.
Boyfriend.
Arrested back in April for auto theft.
Took a neighbor’s Maserati out
for a joyride.
Guy never pressed charges.
Dad owns half
of Mercer Island’s waterfront.
It’s not surprising.
So how we doing with Richmond?
[ Holder]
Alibi checked out.
Staff records too.
None of ’em got kid-tiddling records.
And Larsen’s employees cleared.
So, that makes Jasper our best bet.
Hmm.
[ Chuckles ]
You ready for the bad news?
Richmond’s issuing
a press release in an hour.
Nathan checked all campaign
and office e-mails. Nothing.
Have him look again.
Any word
on the investigation?
Penato said the cops have been
at the school all morning.
Looks like they’re focusing there.
Are they close to an arrest?
He couldn’t tell.
He also checked our staff
against county criminal records
and ViCAP.
We’re in the clear.
[ Gwen ]
Oh, that’s good news.
Oh, it gets better.
The campaign car?
Reported stolen Saturday morning.
Lot of thefts in that lot
the last two months.
Crap security.
[ Gwen ]
Lucky for us.
So our connection to this
is purely coincidental.
Psst, psst, psst.
What are you all
whispering about?
Ruth. l was wondering when
you’d make your grand entrance.
And I’m dying to know
the big, bad secret
you’re gonna tell me.
Can I get you anything?
Uh, cinnamon latte, double pump,
soy. Make it fast.
[Jamie]
Sure thing, Ruth.
I’m really looking fonNard
to this evening.
[ Phone Rings]
The unions have always been
important to me.
Then lose the suit.
Longshoremen and machinists
don’t take to Armani.
[ Ringing Stops]
That’s what I love about you.
You cut right through the bullshit.
So I will too.
[ Gwen ]
Hold on.
- Something’s come up.
- I’m sorry to interrupt.
If I could just steal you for a moment.
You can’t issue that press release.
Maybe I didn’t make myself clear.
Yes, you did. Now if you don’t mind,
I’m in the middle of a meeting.
Hold off and I’ll tell the press
how cooperative you were.
How you put this family’s tragedy
ahead of your own campaign.
And if I don’t?
You will be the candidate who obstructed
a child’s murder investigation.
You have until midnight,
and then we go public.
- [Cell Phone Rings]
- Excuse me.
[ Rings]
Darren—
Holder?
What is it?
What are you doing?
At the school? Okay.
I’ll be there.
You can contact me at this number.
Detective Holder will take
over the case tomorrow.
Thank you for your help.
You didn’t give me
much choice, did you?
And, Councilman,
you might want to call off
your dog at the school.
He won’t find anything.
How did you know about him?
I was guessing.
And | just confirmed it.
Thanks for your time.
What are you doing?
Call that reporter you know,
Max Michaud.
Tell him he has an exclusive,
but embargoed until after Yitanes’s
announcement tonight.
Candidate shows character
in face of crisis. Not bad.
We make the cop happy.
We control the story.
I’ll meet him
after the announcement tonight.
What do we do about her?
Now this may come out
in the next few hours or days.
I just wanted to keep you in the loop.
I’m hoping it won’t,
but you just never know.
Okay. For God sakes, Darren,
what is it?
I smoked pot in college.
It was stupid, I know,
but I inhaled, Ruth.
Are you stoned now?
What?
No. Are you?
[Chuckles]
Just don’t get caught
with some intern’s face in your crotch.
You’ll be the next mayor.
[ Chuckles ]
God.
That’s all you
needed to tell me?
Scout’s honor.
[School Bell Rings]
[ Kids Chattering ]
Dad! Why are
you here with Mom?
What’s wrong, Mom?
Come here, baby.
Let’s get that hat on you. It’s cold.
- Let’s go home, boys.
- But I want to fly my kite.
- [Cell Phone Rings]
- Not now, baby.
Maybe a little bit later, okay?
Yeah?
Hey, it’s Belko.
There ’s a bunch of cops here.
Said they had to look at Rosie ’5 room.
Maybe the boys
shouldn’t see this, right?
Yeah, let me know
when they’re done.
You got it.
You did so good.
Cops are at the house.
Hey, we got a little time.
Let’s go fly that kite, huh?
All right!
Come on, baby. Let’s go.
Come on, Tommy.
[Thunder Rumbles]
What do ya got?
I got a fish filet
and a veggie burger but—
What did you call me
down here for, Holder?
[ Chuckles ]
Okay.
Detective. Here you go.
Found it in a Dumpster.
Rosie’s wig. From the dance.
I’m Detective Linden.
This is my partner, Detective Holder.
Can I get a show of hands
if you saw Rosie at the dance.
Maybe one of you saw her after the dance,
on her way home or getting into a car.
None of you saw her?
[ Meyers ]
Should I bring in the next group?
[ Holder]
Yeah.
[Chattering ]
[ Richmond ] You let me know,
Mrs. Parsons, if that disability
check doesn’t show up.
I know you’ve been waiting
over a month for it.
lwill, Mr. Richmond.
You know you’ve got my vote.
[Chuckles] Thank you.
Take care of yourself now, all right?
Thank you, Mr. Richmond.
Thanks.
You know, Yitanes is going
to eat you alive
if she finds out.
Jamie, she will already have
publicly given me her endorsement.
No going back.
Unless she finds out before tonight.
Plenty of time to tell her.
She looks frail, Mrs. Parsons,
but she’s not.
Took care of her husband, Joe,
for a year after he lost his legs in Iraq.
Brought him out
to the back porch, bathed him.
Joe was a big guy.
Wow.
Now she has to fight just
to get her disability check.
That’s why we’re here.
I’m done talking about Yitanes.
Vern.
- How are you?
- Doing fine, Councilman.
Oh, it’s good to see you.
Good to see you too.
Okay, Belko. Call me when
they’re done, all right?
Yep. Not a problem.
[Sighs]
[Ship’s Horn Blows
In Distance]
[ Bell Clangs]
Mom... where’s Rosie?
[ Stan ]
Denny.
Come on. Let’s go over
to your mom and Tommy.
But I want to fly my kite.
I know, I know.
Come on.
Hey, guys, uh,
me and your ma...
we— we have something
to tell you about your sister.
What, Dad?
[Sighs]
You remember when Nana was sick,
and we went to visit her in the hospital?
Grandma said she didn’t
like the hospital
’cause it smelled bad.
Yeah.
And— And then one day...
she wasn’t there anymore.
And we couldn’t visit her.
You remember
where I told you she went?
You said Grandma went to heaven.
That’s—
That’s where Rosie is now, in heaven.
When’s she coming back?
When you go there,
you don’t come back, dummy!
I’m not a dummy!
She’s not coming back
’cause she’s dead!
Tommy, come here.
Come here.
- Tommy! Here, baby.
Baby, come here. Come here.
- [ Sobbing ]
Shh.
[Sobbing]
We’re gonna be ok—
We’re gonna be okay.
[ Clears Throat]
Right, Son?
[Sighs]
[Thunder Rumbles]
Thanks for meeting me,
Nathan.
Yeah.
Gwen tells me you, uh, had
all the e-mail accounts checked.
Nothing was sent to the Record
yesterday. I checked twice.
How about Gwen? Jamie?
You check their accounts?
Um, I-I didn’t, no.
Well, do it.
Then report back to me. Clear?
Yeah.
[Engine Starts]
[Chattering Laughing]
[ Bell Rings ]
[Water Running]
[ Water Stops ]
[ Door Opens ]
Ready? I gotta pick up Jack.
I think I’m gonna stay for a while.
Do some digging.
Into what?
We got nothing from those kids.
Yeah. Well, you know,
it ain’t your case no more, so—
But, you know,
don’t you worry, Linden.
I’ll get a ride.
Oh, I won’t. Good luck.
Yeah. And good luck
in, uh, San Diego.
And tell the little man
I said, you know.
Yeah, definitely.
l Giggling I
[ Door Opens ]
[ Terry]
Oh, the cops didn’t bother
to clean up after themselves.
And they broke that vase
that Ma gave you.
Let’s go play in your room, boys,
come on.
Hey, he said to go
play in the room.
You have to come too.
[ Stan ]
Come on. Let’s go.
Yeah, well I’m older.
Stop arguing. Go.
Uh, Terry, I’ll do that.
You need to go to work.
I’m not going, Mitch. Geez.
Here. Use some bleach.
Why didn’t you call her?
I mean, all weekend.
Hey, look, it’s the cute cop.
[Chuckles]
Oh, my God.
[ Chuckles ]
[Chuckles]
My God,
are you smoking pot?
Oops. You caught me.
Aren’t you, like, a cop?
Do you want a hit?
I’m off the clock.
It’s not like I’m gonna arrest you.
Whatever.
Okay.
Go to it, little girl.
Do it again.
You didn’t inhale.
Hold it.
Now let it go.
Let it go.
That’s some crazy, sick weed.
I’m so stoned right now.
Yeah. Is that right?
Yeah, totally.
So are we gonna party?
Yeah.
What?
How old are you?
Old enough.
[Chuckles]
Yeah, all right.
Here, you keep it. I gotta bounce.
Wait.
There’s no place
to party here, princess.
I know a place.
In the basement. The cage.
The cage?
Hey!
Hey, aren’t we gonna party?
[Water Dripping]
See the world. Uh, lam just—
If we stay through the weekend,
I can go to Nash’s party.
What’s the big deal?
The big deal is you’re supposed
to start school tomorrow.
And Rick is waiting for us.
For you, you mean.
What’s going on with you, Jack?
Nothing.
I know how hard this move is for you.
How much you’re giving up. I get it.
But it’s gonna be great.
I gotta go to the bathroom.
We leave for the airport in five minutes.
Let’s get there early
so I can score some duty-free cigs.
[Chuckles]
- Jack okay?
- How’d you raise four of ’em?
Had a wife.
Maybe I need one of those. What’s that?
Uh, coroner’s report on the Larsen girl.
Cause of death was drowning.
T.O.D. anywhere from
Friday through to Monday.
Tough call ’cause of the water.
Ditto on whether or not
she was raped.
Rosie was alive when
that car went in the water.
And it takes, what, 10 minutes
to fill a trunk that size?
Ripped off her own fingernails
trying to claw her way out.
I’m not staying.
Well, you better get goin’ then.
I’ll have one of the guys
drive you and Jack.
Hey, Jackie boy,
how you doin’, huh? You wanna go?
Ohh! Doo! Ohh! You had me.
[ Oakes Chuckles ]
[Man On P.A. ]
Request available C. S. U. unit,
600 block of Orland A venue,
Fort Washington High School.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Radio, indistinct ]
We’ll call in our E.T.A.
[ Man]
Load it up.
[Female Reporter On Radio ]
Tomorrow, look for periods of rain
and a h/gh of 45 degrees.
And now, back to the news desk.
[ Male Reporter On Radio ]
With 25 days left before the election,
three-term incumbent
ll/layor Les/eyAdams holds a small lead ..
ahead of City Council President
and challenger Darren Richmond
in the race for Seattle ma y—
[ Tl/ Cartoon, indistinct]
Mitch?
[ Male Cartoon Character, indistinct]
Where’s Mom?
[Tom ] I don’t know.
[Denny] I’m hungry. When’s dinner?
Yitanes is gonna try to do all the talking,
so you gotta drown her out, right?
You got your bullet points?
[ Chuckles ]
S.E.|.U. is the heart of the city.
The machinists built it.
You are Seattle,
the real Seattle, et cetera.
You’re gonna do great.
Tonight is your night.
Yeah, I guess so.
[Cell Phone Rings]
Hello. This is Darren Richmond.
Who is this?
I have no comment.
Yes. Yes, I’m sure.
That was a reporter...
wanting confirmation
that the Larsen girl
was found in our campaign car.
[Radio Chatter, indistinct]
[ Holder]
You missed your plane? Again?
What is this place?
It’s where the real
Halloween party went down.
,U [ Woman l/oca/iZ/ng ]
,i‘,r [ l/oca/iZing Continues]
[Shutter Clicks]
,U [ l/oca/izing Continues ]
English - US - PSDH